Welcome to the official Saster Podcast
where you can hear some of the best SAS
[music] speakers. This is where the
cloud meets
up today on [music] the Saster Podcast.
Uh look, the the roll out is bumpy,
right? The it's not like at day one
everything worked. [music] It's not like
your data was in a perfect place. It's
not like the processes we were trying to
enhance were all there. And also ways of
working
>> that that is constantly being rewritten.
So to your point, it is not about again
if you run a call center, yeah, you
probably do want to cut heads and
there's an there's an absolute ROI. It
is about revenue growth, right? And if
you look at most of the AI that's that's
out there, people tend to focus on
service related, tend to focus on
operational related. Why? It's easier um
than sales in in my opinion. Um but why
is it easier? Just because it's
operational now, usually your data is in
a better place. Usually your process is
more advanced because you're already
doing that service activity with [music]
humans today. On sales, what are you
relying on? For the most part, you're
relying on your sellers. You're relying
on your people to go out there and and
sell.
Hey everybody, Sasser Annual will be
back May 2026. [music] The world's
largest SAS and AI gathering for
executives with 68 VP level and above
attendees. 36% CEOs and founders and 25%
were AI first professionals. It's the
very best of STER attendees and decision
makers that come to SAS annual and AI
summit each and every year. Lock in your
spot today. Use my code Jason 100 for
exclusive savings. Get your [music]
tickets at podcast.sanual.com
or just use code Jason100 when you check
out. See you there. Saster annualisummit
2026. It will rock.
>> Hello. Hello. Hello friends.
Come on in. Um, thanks for coming. I
know Jason is still speaking, I think.
[snorts] Uh, we're flattered you came to
sit with us and learn a bit more about
how AI is rewiring B2B sales. Um, for
we're going to cover things like quota,
we'll cover retention, u, we'll cover a
bunch of different topics. We'll try and
keep it fluid so that we can also answer
questions for you guys. U because I know
it's already been a long day of a lot of
agents and content and things, but let's
start with intros. So, I'll I'll start
with you, Greg. If you want to give a
quick intro and then maybe also in
addition to agent force, what are your
favorite AI tools?
>> Got it. Um, so it's it's interesting. I
I came from financial services and so
when they say CCO, I think of chief
compliance officer. That is not me. That
is not me. Chief customer officer uh for
agent force for Salesforce.
all things uh AI. Uh what are my
favorite tools? Look, um I'm anthropic
on day one. I always have been
mainly for uh ethical reasons as far as
I like the stack. And then from a CIO
standpoint, which was my job before
this,
>> uh I I think that they're best when it
comes to coding. So
>> those are good ones. And then we'll go
to Ashley.
>> Hi everyone. I'm Ashley. I am one of the
co-founders at Momentum and um I would
say one of my favorite tools of course
is Momentum. Um I also use a lot of of
course um Claude and Chachbt and we've
recently rolled out Gemini to the
company and and kind of are moving the
company to that. And I have been really
impressed with some of the just like
built-in agent behaviors even asking a
question, writing up a memo, and having
my Gmail right within there. And I think
that's such a great way to kind of make
AI more accessible in the organization.
And I'm excited to to keep using that
tool at our company.
I'm Marshelle, VP of sales at Mangamit.
We are vertical SAS in the like very SMB
space for salons and spas. Um I run our
revenue organization. So everything from
outbound sales, full cycle AES,
onboarding implementation.
Um and you know favorite AI tools, the
staff when you asked this question list
was like
>> pretty deep. Yeah. Yeah. But I would say
that the surfaces I work on the most um
really quite committed and dedicated to
notion. Notion is AI. If you ask me four
years ago, I hated notion. Today you
could not pry it out of my cold dead
hands. Um I also really like using the
way I think their um like editing all of
that is based on Claude which I also
love and use quite heavily. I feel like
the whole day too and I know this is
about sales. We'll get back to sales,
but like the whole day we've been
talking about like sales and quota,
which we're going to talk about more of.
Um, but maybe just really quickly from
each of you, like that's like one of the
most creative things I think we've done
where I've seen like AI get creative and
I know somebody like a lot of the
speakers today have been like a little
bit anti- AI when it comes to
creativity. Like just what is your guys'
hot take on that? cuz I do feel like it
ties into sales and the notion of like
you know how creative you go with your
sequences like a lot of that used to be
okay we're going to hire for the I know
like companies I used to work with
pre-aster where I worked with be like
okay for the SDR team we're going to
like find the most creative people out
of college and those are the people we
hire. Yeah. So now that the AI can do a
lot of that like how do you balance
that? Maybe we'll start with you
Marshall. Yeah, I mean the one that pops
to mind sticking on the idea of like
photos um images. So again, I mentioned
we work with a very uh SMB customer. So
salons and spas, many of you look like
you've got a haircut at least once in
your life. Uh that business you went to
is who we sell to. So everything from
booking to payments. Early on uh 2021,
we really pushed into like a PLG motion.
So customers could go to our website. We
were the first SMB salon and spa
software that you could start a trial
literally be set up and using the
product in days and over the years we've
allowed for the product within it
customers to upload their logos
customers to add their colors. Well, we
realize our customer is not
sophisticated enough to use a dropper
tool and to figure out what their brand
color is anyway and they have no idea
what a hex code is. So one of the things
we rolled out this year during a
hackathon was our engineering team again
using quad code among other things uh
was able to take that process which
currently when a customer would upload a
logo and it was like the wrong format.
It was like horizontal where vertical
looks better on our online booking
rather than a designer on our team
having to take that and completely
transform it. It is now all completely
done automatically using AI and then the
designers just check a box, you know,
manual make that happen. What's really
beautiful about that is we don't use PLG
in the traditional motion where it's
like you get in, you sign up, you're all
on your own. It's really a tool to tell
the sales team how quickly and how
engaged this customer is. So, we can
score that quickly and get that in front
of a rep to reach out to them. So within
minutes of a trial starting, somebody
uploading a shitty logo, it is now fixed
and that rep can text them the link to
their online booking that shows their
logo done properly with the right colors
within minutes. So that's like one of
the ways that we've really like pushed
on the creative side to make things like
minutes, not hours, not days.
>> And it's instant value though for your
customers.
>> They It's actually still a little
They're a little freaked out by it. They
magic.
>> It's too good.
>> Yeah. It's kind of like the Disneyland
effect and I I like that.
>> I like that. Craig, I don't So, you're
at Salesforce. There's obviously you
guys have a massive massive workforce.
>> Yes.
>> How are you tackling this with your
scale?
>> Yeah. I mean, so look, I think getting
your sales force get it. Um to be
agentic is is uh is easier said than
done, right? It's interesting. The word
tools keeps getting brought up and
people automatically assumed just
because it's AI is an easy tool. It's
not right. Like the first time I used a
chainsaw and I tried to to cut a log and
it didn't cut. I was like, well, this is
a piece of I didn't take off the
cover to the chainsaw cuz no one there.
>> I obviously didn't read the directions.
I mean, what what man does? But it it uh
I guess point you have to see culture
when you're trying to make your
workforce or your folks to be agentic.
It is not just about turning on a
license for for Claude or OpenAI or
whatever it is. It's actually about
making sure they understand the tool and
its possibilities and how they can use
it in their daily life. At Salesforce,
obviously, we have to eat our own our
own dog food as far as what it what it
looks like. For us,
>> what I've seen from a Slack perspective
of of how the sellers use is is
transformational for them. But again, I
think I I think the point that I would
leave with is sellers want to sell. If
you give them the tool that's going to
help them, they will figure it out. But
don't leave it to them to figure it out.
Have a strategy around it. Make sure
you're getting the right training,
making the right education.
>> Yeah, we've been saying that all day.
And then Ashley, I want to get your take
on that because you are an AI native
company. You are newer. I Your sales
team is still doing a lot manually.
Actually,
>> I was going to say it's there's no like
holy grail that you just get to. And I
still think that a lot of the workflows
are humanass assisted and I think that's
probably where it should be right now.
Um because I think in your talk this
morning about all the training that goes
into it and the time
>> um
>> also we're in a unique position where
some of our team is non-English English
um speaking. So our STRs are in
Argentina and some of our AEES are in
Argentina. And so it's been, this is one
of my, I guess, favorite creative uses
of AI to kind of democratize language
and to make these folks be supercharged.
>> Folks who are right out of college, but
not they don't live in San Francisco,
they didn't go to US college, but
they're smart. A lot of them are
actually coming from technical
organizations, technical universities.
They want to break into SAS. And so the
fact that we are able to empower them to
do that, we as a company, but really
because we have AI to make
them able to write sequences and they
still have to do a lot of the manual
work though because I think that's where
to break through you got to personalize
you got to be human our stride video
messages on LinkedIn and that seems to
kind of break through the noise of just
um all of inbounds that we tend to get
um from people in those roles and so I
really look at it as human assisted
start to just like knock off the manual
tedious task that we could do. Um, and I
do think eventually we'll get to agents,
agent force. Like the world will be run
in the next, I don't know, maybe 5
years, 10 years, who knows what'll
happen. Like so much more things will be
powered by AI and run, but I just don't
think we're there today. So, it's more
about like bring it in and start with
kind of some basic use cases so your
organization can also feel like it's a
win. Yeah, those are I think something
you've all brought up and something it
was also at the um I was at an Oakland
event um with Salesforce before
literally getting on the plane to London
and it's you guys have like this tagline
it's like humans and agents working
together and part of the talk too is
like you know we're again I don't think
um Mark or Salesforce is saying to fire
anyone but you definitely are retooling
people retraining people pivoting them
to new roles right putting them into FD
roles putting them into SE roles if you
can. Um, so I feel like so much of this
is table stakes right now on the roll
out. So let's start with Salesforce
because you guys have had one of maybe
the most public rollouts of AI. Like
just walk us through it.
>> Yeah. So um I know this not recorded. I
see the camera right in front of me and
and no one's actually on social media.
Uh look, the the roll out is bumpy,
right? The B it's not like at day one
everything worked. It's not like your
data was in a perfect place. It's not
like the processes we were trying to
enhance were all there and also ways of
working.
>> Yeah.
>> That that is constantly being rewritten.
So to your point, it is not about
>> again if you run a call center, yeah,
you probably do want to cut heads and
there's an there's an absolute ROI. It
is about revenue growth,
>> right? And if you look at most of the AI
that's that's out there, people tend to
focus on service related, tend to focus
on operational related. Why? It's easier
um than sales in in my opinion. Um but
why is it easier? Just because it's
operational? No. Usually your data is in
a better place. Usually your process is
more advanced because you're already
doing that service activity with humans
today on sales. What are you relying on?
For the most part, you're relying on
your sellers. You're relying on your
people to go out there and and sell. And
so I think as we looked at our our
evolution, which we're not evolved, so
we're we're not there. Um, but it it is
to think about rethinking roles.
Rethinking the tools you're making
available for for us is some of the
lowhanging fruit and what we publicly
expressed was uh guess what? Salesforce
gets a ton of of webbound leads. Uh,
most of those leads are pretty low
quality and um they're very pick and
choose on which ones are being followed
up on. It was very low percentage of
those are followed up on again. So,
that's a great thing for an agent. Let's
let's turn that over to an agent. Let's
go ahead and get those curated, get
those to be enriched, get those to we
can actually get a human to pay
attention to them
>> or
>> just get them out of the funnel. Just
let's just get them get them out, get
them done, say that we did it. And that
percentage is probably the the most
that's led to direct [clears throat]
revenue that we would have not had
because nobody was working those things.
>> I It's funny throughout the day, we've
been talking about this of like you guys
did that, we did a similar thing where
we had a bunch of leads and then I was
like, okay, because we're going to
deploy agent force, I'll put it on that
agent. We have all these leads literally
even at I mean we don't have the level
of inbound you guys have but like
>> me trash because it's it is like it's
not to say it's a whole bunch it just
makes the problem worse. It makes the
problem but yeah to your point it makes
the problem worse right and so it's like
okay we have everybody everybody when
we've told this story today or like when
I see other like founders or revenue
leaders bring it up I'm like everybody
think oh like I don't know who can
honestly raise their hand in this room
and say I think every lead has been
perfectly followed up with like maybe if
you have a a then like then be up here
next year but like I feel like everybody
today was like no I feel like I probably
should double check with my team because
there probably are some leads that we
haven't thought about. Um or if you
haven't checked like you know your your
horde or your rev ops in a while there's
probably a bunch of leads in there. Like
everybody has this use case of everybody
has leads they never followed up with.
And it's honestly it's embarrassing for
all of us. I'm like it's embarrassing
for Salesforce, Salesforce. It's like
okay we have all these like big brands
right and it's like okay we should we
should be getting back to people
instantaneously. I don't know. Maybe
>> maybe
and it's like for me I'm like I find it
so embarrassing like when I found all
these leads post annual that I'm like
okay our sales team is not that big and
I get it. They're like they they don't
have you know maybe infinite time. I'm
like but they do have time post annual.
Like this is the best time to call
people right like our event just
happened in May. These people wanted to
know about annual. You didn't call them
yet. Maybe call them now like the event
just happened. Maybe they came. you can
sort that way. And so for me, I was
like, this is just so like I was like,
we have to fix this. I'm like, we have
to just do it with AI so that it's
consistent because part of the problem
beforehand was, you know, we were giving
these leads manually to humans and they
would just, like you said, they would
just cherry pick like they'll just
cherry pick the ones that they want to
work and the rest will either say, oh,
not a fit, or they'll came up with some
like foaming baloney loss reason and
then you go back and you're like,
there's no notes. Like there's literally
no notes in the record. So I have no
idea why this like got lost.
>> I think well it's important to to like
start that process now. So we are about
80% inbound, 20% outbound. I
>> just spun up our outbound team with our
director of outbound this year.
>> So beginning of this year, no outbound.
Now we've got it. And what I've noticed
is yes, within like we started with how
do we layer in AI from the top of funnel
to make outbound at our ACV make sense.
So it has to be data first. So we ingest
all of that lead information, enrich it
in snowflake that gets pushed out to our
BDR. So it's already good data there.
But when it comes to inbound, we're
like, okay, we want to keep all trash
out of the AE's hands. So, we actually
have a team that like human team that
actually looks at every single lead
because if you're thinking of a salon or
spa, well, Amelia could open a salon or
spa tomorrow and she's using her assass
email to sign up for a trial and we're
like, DQ, that's definitely not a salon
or spa. But if a human actually calls
you and you're like, oh yeah, Bay Area
loves getting injections. I'm opening a
med spa tomorrow. Then we would actually
want to talk to you. So there's these
like so much nuance, but what we're
doing is cool, we now understand the the
nuance on a human level. As soon as we
can do that with an agent,
>> we will
>> Yep.
>> Um the agents do take a lot of training.
And I feel like I want to hear your
guys' quick perspective though on
like resistance to the roll out, right?
Because you're all at different stages
right now. Um maybe actually we'll start
with you like any resistance with your I
mean you're an AI native company maybe
they can't resist AI anyway
>> why they join
>> yes yeah not in our organization but we
are selling to companies that are
dealing with their own internal
resistance and I think it's been really
interesting to see I mean I was on the
stage earlier with Contentful and we
talked to them twice over two years
before they became a customer and it was
just a matter of internal teams getting
on board. You had someone like Ashley
who was championing it from the
beginning, but their European base, they
have a German works council, their legal
team was very very reticent to bring AI
into the organization. And so I think
that what we see is that
it's great that we've moved beyond like
note takingaking. We're like, okay, we
can have bots on the call. We can take a
note. So, I I I feel like it's easier to
sell AI to organizations than it was two
years ago, but I'm still kind of amazed
at the internal resistance when you
bring in legal teams,
CIOS, like it it is so dependent on the
personality and the mindset. And I I do
believe that we will eventually push
through all those barriers over time
because it will be so obvious who's
leveraging AI and who's not. And I think
the companies that are will be so far
ahead. Um, but I I I've come to just
appreciate that some things really come
down to timing. And another angle of
that is that the company that's going to
adopt AI internally needs to have a
strong team championing it because you
can't just give these tools to your team
and expect them to just magically use it
all day long. I think there's some crazy
stats out there about how many people
are actually using AI in their orgs and
they probably all have access to chat
GBT or Claude and it's just it's very
hard to get people to change their
behaviors. So I think that's equally
important is that there is just somebody
raising the flag internally and who's
really committed to the cause of saying
this is going to be transformational but
it's going to take time and you have to
have buy in. Well, it's like it's it's
the psychology like as humans we will do
far more to avoid pain than to gain
pleasure. Like it's just what we do. So
like I noticed we rolled out momentum
with our team started with our
onboarding team worked backwards to AE
soon BDR. Um and what I noticed is I
could quantify that we were going to
save 15 minutes per deal for our AES
that's 16 hours a month. they they're 20
wins is their quota. I can quantify
that. But what I didn't teach them at
first is how that will change their
workflow. So they are literally
30-minute demo, closed the deal,
immediately have to get off of that
call, build notes for the onboarding
team, get that into Salesforce. Well,
what we learned immediately was we don't
have that readily available. It's going
to take 15 minutes to get that
information back to them. So the
workflow changes. You're now stacking
demos and then you have an hourlong
break where you're going through your
momentum tasks in the the Slack that
you're already in. So you're not having
to change surfaces, processing them much
more quickly than it would to do it
manually, but actually like implementing
that and being very explicit about the
way you work is changing. It's going to
look different, but the the net gain is
going to be so much greater. You have to
like be ahead of that. And so you've
mentioned a couple times like I'm really
active in the onboarding of momentum
into our team. I want to build. I want
to be in the tool. If I'm not, that's
where the resistance bubbles up. Y
>> because it's like the the greater than
they like I'm I'm here. I'm in this. I I
know how to use it. It won't be that way
forever for every single tool. Um but I
think you have to like you said have
that champion, that leader that is in
it.
And then anything you want to add from
the Salesforce side?
>> Yeah, I mean um look throwing CIOS under
the bus. I'm a former reform CIO. Um and
and and the problem with AI is not just
AI, right? It's not just saying, "Oh,
I'm anti-A or not." Again, there are
there are data to be concerned. What is
your company IP? How are you going to
turn that over? I mean, there are other
concerns that technology experts have of
why we are perceived that way. It's just
it's it's dangerous. by the way that the
CIO that's, you know, gets a a data
breach, like that's going to be fine.
That happens. A CIO that gives their
data away to AI is fired, right? Like
that's a big difference. And also, you
got to think about the psyche of those
folks. So, I'm just a little defensive.
Got thrown on the bus. Um, but but you
at Salesforce, look, uh,
>> several things. Number one, we have a
product, right? So, there's a product
that they want to learn and use because
they're going to be selling it. And even
if they're not a seller of Agent Force.
Yeah,
>> like they're going to need to know it
cuz that's the questions asked.
>> So, so you did have that buy in, but I I
also think that when you're talking
about
>> um is AI going to replace humans? You
know, that's the fear. Maybe that's part
of the adoption or maybe the tool
doesn't live up to the expectations.
Maybe that's part of the thing. But your
analytics is is your best friend, right?
Like you need whatever your agents are,
you need to make sure you have defined
analytics. Now, KPIs, ROI, I could
probably go a little off on that. I'm
not not as big as fan on that, but the
analytics around it, you need to be able
to prove that it's actually is working,
what you're getting out of it, because
you're going to want to improve it. I
also think that's pretty lacking in the
industry as far as when you look at your
agents that are built, getting those
level of analytics to say,
>> why is it dropping out in process 3 at
21%. Is that because it's bad data? Is
that because there's latency and the
customer is not waiting around? like
what what is what is causing this to
happen? Um it's been a big part of
Salesforce's road map since since
Dreamforce, but I I also think it's
something you need to have in mind as
you build out your own agentic layer.
>> Yeah, it's interesting because I was
like, okay, premay, right, before we
went on this agent journey and a lot of
other folks did too. Like I was like, I
don't think is that bad. And I started
to, you know, onboard some of these
tools and agents and I go, oh man. Like
our sales team never put half the stuff
in there. like there's no close this
just those lost. I'm like, well, where
are the nodes? Okay, no notes, no calls,
no nothing. They just, you know, never
did it. Um, and why that sucks for so
many reasons now is because your now
your agent can't go back to those
things. So, like if it never existed as
like a record previously in your data,
it's not going to exist there now
magically with AI.
>> Not going to find it.
>> It's not going to find it. Uh so I think
there was like a little groundwork we
had to do like when we first rolled out
all these agents to say okay what should
we imple and it's part of how we picked
some of these tools was like okay well
what should we implement so that going
forward I obviously can't change the
past so that is what it is but like
going forward what can we put in so that
we make sure everything is always in
Salesforce as it should have been like
we've had this rec we've had this system
of record since I've been here like nine
years now like alongside our marketing
automation platform But why does my
marketing automation platform have like
10,000 more data points than Salesforce?
I was like Salesforce should have more
actually because our our marketing
automation pushes to Salesforce, but
then the AES are pushing to Salesforce.
So it should have more but it didn't.
They were like almost even and so part
of this process for us was making sure
we could implement the right tools in
the right ways to say okay what are we
going to pick so that everything goes
back to at least one source of truth. So
right now that is Salesforce like we use
momentum and like that goes back into
like that was why like after annual I
told Ashley I was like I need your help
because I went into Salesforce like
yeah I was like close the lid
>> but I think you don't always know what
you don't know. I think we're starting
to mind I was like
>> well you think it's being
>> and and then the the old way of working
is you would go to the reps and ask
what's going on.
>> Yeah. Then you realize, oh wait, you
could go to the data itself and make
your own decisions and I think that's
just the change now that AI is unlocking
for you.
>> Yes, that's a that's a big call out
because I feel like too, right? It's not
that I don't trust humans anymore.
Obviously, like we've worked with a lot
of humans to make this happen and I've
gotten to know a lot of humans in this
process, right? Like all these people
here, I'm like I've met so many really
great humans in this process. So don't
take this the wrong way, but like a lot
of our humans also just didn't do their
jobs. like the basics of put your like I
think it's you know AES SDR 101 put your
contact and notes in Salesforce or
>> it's also like the personality type like
the
>> the top seller has a persona and that
persona at my organization at least is a
whatever forever. You know, anything
you've got to throw at her is going to
roll right off and she's closing that
deal, but there's no notes.
>> She could screenshot her text messages
all day and send them over, but it's
like that it just is what it is. Another
one of our reps, I love him, but he
shared with me after working for the
company for a couple months that he
basically had to ex he'd been in sales
for a while. He's like, "I had to
explain to my wife why I had all of
these women in my text messages because
he had never sold to salon and spa
owners."
No wonder you have no notes and like
everything's in your phone and you're
having to explain yourself to your
family. So, you're not going to explain
it to me. But this the what shifts when
you do get something like momentum and
you get everything into Salesforce and
these feeds fields feel filled out is
like the signal to noise rat ratio
shifts so quickly that then you have to
cuz again like I notice even for myself
that you become addicted to the noise or
sifting through it and then you have to
like stop regroup and go it's all here
>> like
>> we're okay now what what next like how
do we then level up and do more with the
team you have.
>> Yeah. Yeah. And I mean that's just such
a big unlock for most people, right?
It's like, okay, once you finally deploy
your first agent, one agent, whatever it
is, sales, support, retention, like
wherever you're going to deploy, it's
like, okay, getting it to work is one. I
know it sounds like a big hurdle. It's a
hurdle, but then once you get there, I
feel like everyone has this like aha
moment where like even for me with Asian
Force, I was like, I filled out so many
agents of beauty. I was like, ah, I have
to now do another one. But then um like
we like you they we started like going
through the process together and then
you guys brought on like an FD and I was
like well that one that helped a lot and
then two um once I like got over this
like mental hump I was like I don't know
like it looks kind of complicated to be
honest and then I got in there I was
like no way I understand this. I was
like I just couldn't like I was like I
just need to sit for like 10 minutes and
read it and read the prawns and like how
I can train it. And I was like okay
never mind. I I get this. It's like not
that different from a lot of things that
you prompt and build and tune and like
some of the some once you learn how to
do one agent like a lot of the core
principles you learn are actually
transfer like vendor agnostic are
transferable
>> um which I feel like is a big thing for
folks and then before we ran out of time
I want to talk about two more things
which is um one cuz it's in the title
let's talk about quota for a second
because u a few people have asked me
about this today of like what's the
quota of your AISDR I was like well it's
more than what the human quota
Um, also it doesn't ask for, you know, a
percentage of the AE's commission when
the deal closes. So, that's nice. Um,
but let's open it up to you guys. Um,
whoever wants to start on quota.
I'll talk about quota all day. Yeah. I
actually I I just announced to our team
uh last week that we are not raising our
quota in 2026.
And I could have
>> That's interesting.
>> Yeah. I could have known.
>> You know what I learned is what I've
seen happen this year. This year was
like the proving grounds, right?
>> I've been in 2024, I implemented uh AI
using a tool called Demoesk for my team.
So, I was able to analyze. They're based
in Munich. Great company.
Unfortunately, we're no longer using
them because we moved to Momentum for
some other things. But I I can't help
but shout them out. I think they're
fantastic. I almost cried cancelling
that. That was weird. Like it's it's
rare to feel emotional about a company.
But I think what they've done was so
good and they they rolled out AI early
but the Red Queen's race gets everybody
right if you know like you're running at
the speed you've always been running but
suddenly the trees are running with you.
You've got to run faster. And so when I
think about that this year we roll out
Momentum. You know my team like I said
we're we're very SMB Sask. My team poses
20 logos a month. when we roll in our
payment processing. This is very SMB
doing up up to the the like 7x,
you know, ARR to OT ratio. That's crazy
in very SMB, but it's it's good. It
feels good to us. What I learned is
we've got these top performers that are
almost those like overperformers. Uh
there's usually, you know, a couple
boxes you could check that make you
realize, oh, that's possible for you.
And that's great. So you're closing 35
logos in a month. Absolutely wild. But
good for you. Like to make that OTE and
SMD sales creates an absolute like
raving champion of our team. They want
to run the rep view and put a review on
there and say great things about the
company. But I am pleased as pie as our
COO says and I love with that person
who's running at quota because you're
still incredibly efficient. What I'm
going to do is spend this next year
really making AI allow you to push up
into those top performers. Very curious
to see what happens with those top
performers once we're like once things
feel truly native, but we're not there.
And so when we talk back to like how do
we make these people feel safe in this
new environment, that's it is like reap
that benefit and that reward to where
it's so like an intrinsic motivation
that it feels like part of you and we
move up. Um and we will get there and it
just felt right. I think that's
interesting too. It's making me think
about when we were writing our the uh
well we interviewed a bunch of leaders
uh Kyle Norton from owner.com.
He he talked a lot about the the systems
that he's put in place to support the
team and how they have a lot more rev
ops folks and ops folks than a
traditional team would have. And that
theme actually came up four or five
times from Demandbase, some other
companies that we interviewed. And it
our takeaway was that um we're going to
have a lot more operational
folks running the agents running the
data which will allow the teams to be
more efficient. And I think that instead
of thinking,
okay, we just got to like double quota
now because everyone's going to be a lot
more efficient. That will only happen if
the business is supporting those folks
with all the underlying, hey, do my STRs
have enough accounts? How do we get
accounts? Where does that come from? is
like you need to orchestrate and
architect all those systems from top of
funnel on down to post sales. And so,
and I don't think we're in a like
industrywide
place where we've all like proven that
out. I think we're all much more like
you guys, us as well, where we're
saying, let's start to just build, bring
in more people on the system side,
add the headcount as needed. But I
that's why I don't really buy yet into
okay, we're gonna have two reps and
we're gonna get to 100 million. Like
sure that works if you're lovable. Like
that can work with the right business,
but a lot of us do not have that
business. So to hold ourselves to that
standard just feels impossible and
unrealistic and better to think about,
okay, what are the underlying systems we
can put in place? And I I just said I'm
not raising quota this year, but I was
just talking to a CEO of a native AI
company and he's telling me about his
company and how his head of sales is
like, "Oh yeah, well we've got, you
know, this particular quota and
everybody's hitting it." He's a new
founder. He's probably 26, 27. You know,
he's whips smart, but this whole world
of building a revenue organization is
new to him. So he's listening to this
head of sales that's like, "Yep, that's
that's industry standard. this is the
standard playbook. This is where we
leave quota. And I said, you got the
wrong person. Like that's that's not it.
What you don't want to do is take the
old playbook and try and plug it in.
Like you actually have to strip things
down to, you know, first principles.
Like what is your business doing? And
that's where it's like he could probably
double his quota and people would be
motivated by it. Like they feel like
they're reaching for something. So
>> from a Salesforce perspective, it's
Salesforce is always going to raise
quota. that's just what they they do to
the sales salespeople. Um, but I think
it's interesting when when all of the
panelists, and I'm going I'm going to
echo it, didn't focus on on raising
quota and increasing sales. It talked
about what happens when you do that.
Yeah.
>> And I and I think I can point back
directly to your to your story in that
fine, we're we're we're selling the
out of Agent Force and that's great and
it's wonderful. Um, but again, in some
of these situations, it's not just click
click click and you're done.
>> Yeah.
>> Right. like some of these flows are
actually very complicated. Y they
involve a lot of pre-work from your data
perspective, maybe your workflow
perspective.
>> Can you actually service your accounts
afterwards? Is your operations also
scaling? So it's not just a sales issue
itself for for us being the four
deployed engineers is
>> what's helping us as as a band-aid
because really it's a band-aid until
product makes it where it is just quick
quick click,
>> right? But to get click quick click, it
still has to have a lot of maturity. So
yes, you can you can definitely um
increase your quota if you'd like. You
can set different ones. I've seen
everything at at Salesforce. Um but you
also need to make a holistic view and I
think that's what all three panelists
>> um wanted people to think of. It's not
just about sales. You need to look at
your business holistically,
>> right? You're not doing that.
>> Yeah, it's there's going to be
repercussions.
>> All right. Well, and on the topic of
retention, just because we have a CCO
here, so I don't a lot of people aren't
using it for retention. And I've we've
kind of mildly used it reverse efficient
in the sense that like um because we're
so seasonal, right? If you think of SAS
as we have sponsors like these guys out
here for like SAS annual, then some of
them do London, some of them do your own
stuff because we have like bigger
partnerships. Cool. Most of them do one
at a time. Um and so we have this like
seasonality that's just natural for us,
right? With our event cycle. Um and then
we have media which is like a little bit
different because that's year round, but
for that like the event cycle is very
seasonal, right? So like we have this
seasonality and so one of the first
things we've done for retention is load
them up into the agents because I was
like I'm you know because one we had new
people who raised their hand for those
last semester and said I wanted to
sponsor literally one of these booths
out here and we never like replied to
them but I also had you know 200
existing vendors who had just done this
like last semester in May and I'm like
you know what I know the team says
they're going to follow with all their
current customers and current accounts,
let the agent do it anyway. Like like no
harm, no foul. Like it's not going to
take credit. It's not going to sell, you
know, whatever you know these booths
were out here today. Like uh
the ACV on this, but let's just say 50k,
right? It's not going to sell a 50k
booth, but at the very least, they can
keep emailing them if they want to be
emailed, get their feedback from the
event, check in on them.
you know, half the time I'm like, "Hey,
did you talk to all your sponsors and
your accounts?" And they're like, "Oh, I
saw some of them." And then I got busy.
I'm like, "Yeah, I get it, but like but
like like what are you doing tomorrow
now that the events now that the event's
over?" I'm like, "Are you are you are
you reaching out to your accounts? Are
you doing things?" And they're like,
"You know, some of them were, some of
them weren't." And so I was like, "Okay,
enough of the like 50/50, some yes, some
no." Like you'll find this with your
sales team no matter what happens. like
you're always going to get a mixed bag
of results, right? You have top
performers, you have low performers.
That's just how the bell curve works.
Like uh and so for us, we were like,
"Okay, we're going to load these
existing accounts into one of our
agents. Some of them are agent force and
I'm going to like I've literally that's
why it has such a high open rate, too.
It's a mix of, you know, people we
ghosted and then people who are
customers
>> Yeah. are are getting into this sequence
where we're following up and I'm like in
some cases they're like oh hey I
actually didn't get to connect with my
AE post annual and I'm like yeah they
told me you did
the gig is up
>> the gig is up
uh but Greg just any quick thoughts on
retention with AI
>> yeah so I it's it's interesting
there's this the stat from McKenzie deck
I saw which was uh 40% and This was in
financial services, 40% of financial
services customers want increased
outreach from their firm. Uh but I think
when you looked and you got this, it's
like okay fine. Yes, they want to be
talked to, but they want to be talked to
on their level about products or
services that interest them.
>> So it's it's not just about creating a
traditional like marketing campaign
where you're dripping like that's not
what an agent is for. It's not you can
you can use plenty of offtheshelf seller
to do that. It's exactly what she said
as far as mentioning about getting some
kind of action and you're trying to
build that relationship digitally so
that your human can close it. That's all
they're doing is trying to build a
little bit at a time. Maybe it's a
survey, maybe it's a question, maybe
it's thought leadership, doesn't really
matter, right? Think about an agent in
that standpoint of being able to
continue to keep the relationship fresh
because as a human, you can only talk to
so many people day.
I mean, until this is specific again to
my customer, until there's an agent that
texts with the blue bubble, like it's
just it's not going to happen. And the
bias on email for us is so extreme
because salon and spa owners don't open
emails. Like unless it's like I'm
booking a haircut tomorrow at 3 p.m. or,
you know, need my done.
>> So, I think that's the the biggest piece
we've run into there. We have like
incredibly
net revenue retention to begin with.
Like our customer, our product is so
sticky. So to me, the the the way I
think about it is more like it's the it
goes back to like how quickly we need to
move it deep into our vertical to make
the hard decisions for them. That's what
drives retention. And so yes, we do that
through AI, but it's not through an
agent reaching out.
>> Ashley, any last closing? Yeah, I think
what's been interesting, I mean, because
we have some customers that use us much
more heavily post sales. Um, and I think
CS has tended to be underserved in terms
of tooling and process and I think the
expectation has still been high on them
getting data back into Salesforce or get
the data in gain site and
>> which is still down.
>> Yeah. So it's there's like a lot more
opportunity um actually on post sales I
think in disrupting and not just the
customer support chatbot experience
which is like great starting point but
actually again to help CSMS and CS
leaders have a better pulse on the
business the moment that somebody is
expressing dissatisfaction. It's we all
know that it's a slow I mean unless
you're like egregiously messing up your
product it's kind of a slow drip to turn
it hey I didn't get this answered hey
it's this it's not working and it's I
think it's really hard for CSMs and I
oversee customer success so it's like a
close thing to my heart where I'm like
it is hard to know in the moment what
needs to be escalated unless somebody is
being like I'm going to leave
>> yeah that kind of soft flow
dissatisfaction
Now that I have momentum listening for
those moments of dissatisfaction, which
almost sometimes swing the other way
where the you get on, you see a clip of
the customer saying something and you're
like, "What is going on?" And they're
like, "It's actually kind of fine."
Like, it's not a big deal.
>> I had to mute mine since I've been here.
Yeah. So, it's like, but I I think that
on the CS side, I'm I'm very excited for
what AI can do for retention and keep
doing. Um, not to mention something
like, you know, we have a customer that
does 3-hour support calls in another
language and then they had to go write
that into Salesforce. Imagine the time
savings and the ability now to bring
that all into a common language, English
in the CRM. Um, I think that we should
all be orienting ourselves to thinking
about AI for customer retention and CS
just as much as on the sales side
because I think it's all going to have
such a huge impact on our businesses.
Okay, we're out of time unfortunately.
Um, but we'll stick around and answer
questions, but thanks for joining.
>> Thank you.